I want you to:
✅ Automatically identify and fix all existing and hidden glitches across the entire website.
✅ Fix frontend, backend, navigation, API integration, database connectivity, and data flow issues.
✅ Ensure all pages and buttons work exactly as intended.
🔧 Multi-Page Website Reminder:
I am building a multi-page website with separate HTML files or separate React routes (NOT a single-page scrolling website).
Each page must have its own independent load and URL.
Navbar must load new pages, NOT scroll between sections.
🚨 Critical Glitches and Required Fixes:

1. Smart Parenting Products Page:
Fully replicate the frontend and backend content, style, layout, and feature explanation from https://www.fitbark.com/ for the Smart Parenting Products page.
For each product (C08 and C09):
Accurately replicate the multi-feature explanation style from FitBark.
Ensure each product can display multiple features/benefits using beautiful visual representations (just like FitBark).
For now, you can repeat features across the two products using different visuals.
Set up a dynamic system so that in the future, I can easily add new features or update visuals through a simple structured file or backend system without touching the code.
2. Shop Now Button Issue:
Fix the Shop Now button’s navigation.
The button should correctly open the product’s shop page in a new webpage.
Strictly replicate the frontend and backend of the product shop page from https://www.fitbark.com/store/fitbarkgps.
The shop page should fully replicate:
Hero section
Product description
Pricing section
Features section
Customer reviews
Add-to-cart system
FAQ (if applicable)
Ensure the shop page is fully working, navigable, and mobile responsive.
3. Blog Webpage Backend Issue:
The blog backend is not ready. Fix this completely.
When a user clicks on a blog post, it should open a new dedicated blog page with the full blog content displayed.
Strictly copy the content, layout, and backend structure from https://maven.pet/all-about-pets/.
Implement a backend content management system (CMS) or structured repository so that an authorized person can:
Add new blogs
Edit existing blogs
Without touching the codebase
Provide an admin interface or file-based blog management system.
Ensure all blog links, detail pages, and backend are fully connected and operational.
4. Vet and Pet Family Registration Errors:
Fix the fetch error:
[plugin:runtime-error-plugin] Failed to execute 'fetch' on 'Window': '/api/vets' is not a valid HTTP method.
Correct all API endpoints and HTTP methods.
Ensure all registration forms (Vet registration and Pet Family registration) are fully functional and successfully submit data to the backend database.
Set up backend APIs correctly for both registration forms.
Store all data in a structured backend database.
5. Nearest Vet Search Feature:
Implement a “Find Nearest Vets” feature:
Pet parent enters their Google Maps location link.
Pet parent can specify the radius in KM for the search.
System calculates distance from the stored vet locations (based on their Google Maps links).
Display the nearest vets within the selected radius, sorted by distance.
Display vet profiles with consultation options:
Phone call consultation (₹50)
In-clinic consultation (vet’s fee)
Home visit consultation (vet’s fee)
Ensure the distance calculation, vet search functionality, and booking system work seamlessly.
🛠️ General Instructions:

Identify and fix all other glitches, both known and hidden.
Ensure all page navigations work correctly.
Ensure all frontend and backend functionalities are properly connected.
Make the entire system mobile responsive.
Use modular, reusable components and scalable backend structures.
Make product feature updates, blog updates, and partner updates easily manageable without requiring future code changes.
Please confirm you have fixed all errors and completed all backend and frontend integrations.
💡 Technology Stack:

React + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS
React Router for multi-page navigation
Proper backend API setup with structured database
Optional: Framer Motion or Tailwind animations for smooth transitions
Please complete all of the above in one shot, as I have limited credits remaining.
